Guide: How to use CloudFront signed URLs with Fleet (#25299)
fleetdm/fleet: articles/cdn-signed-urls.md

# How to use CloudFront signed URLs with Fleet

> Fleet [v4.63.0](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/releases/tag/fleet-v4.63.0) allows you to use CloudFront signed URLs for downloading MDM bootstrap packages and software installation packages to your hosts. CloudFront signed URLs grant access to a specific CloudFront distribution resource and are valid for a specified duration. Using CloudFront CDN (content delivery network) should speed up downloads and reduce the load on your Fleet server, especially for globally distributed device fleets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fleet [v4.63.0](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/releases/tag/fleet-v4.63.0) allows you to use CloudFront signed URLs for downloading MDM bootstrap packages and software installation packages to your hosts. This speeds up onboarding for at organizations that onboard new employees at different headquarters across the world. 

CloudFront signed URLs grant access to a specific CloudFront distribution resource and are valid for a specified duration. 
```

Tweaking top paragraph to call out the "why": speeding up onboarding

If the Orbit agent encounters an error while downloading a software package using a signed URL, it will retry the download using the Fleet server's URL.

To make sure that the signed URLs are working correctly, you can check the CloudFront logs (if enabled) as well as [APM](https://aws.amazon.com/what-is/application-performance-monitoring/) or Fleet server debug logs. In APM or Fleet server logs, you should NOT see devices downloading packages from the Fleet server's non-CDN API paths, such as:

- `GET /api/v1/fleet/bootstrap`
- `POST /api/fleet/orbit/software_install/package`

## Conclusion

Using CloudFront signed URLs with Fleet can help speed up downloads and reduce the load on your Fleet server. If you have any questions or need help configuring CloudFront signed URLs, please contact our [support team](https://fleetdm.com/contact).

<meta name="articleTitle" value="How to use CloudFront signed URLs with Fleet">
<meta name="authorFullName" value="Victor Lyuboslavsky">
<meta name="authorGitHubUsername" value="getvictor">
<meta name="category" value="guides">

> <meta name="publishedOn" value="2025-01-24">

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<meta name="publishedOn" value="2025-02-03">
```
